Update authentication token docs (#8414)
mendix/docs: content/en/docs/refguide/runtime/session-management.md

By default, authentication tokens will not be used in online Mendix apps version 10.9.0 and above. However, you can use them to remember the end-user by writing your own flow using the new API, `login2`, and setting the `useAuthToken` parameter to `true`.

> Online apps still utilize the [EnableKeepAlive](/refguide/tricky-custom-runtime-settings/#session-duration) setting to maintain the session data changes. If that setting is disabled, the authentication token is used to keep users logged in, but it does not maintain the changes.

Reviewer: Hi @EnasAbdelrazek
I find this confusing.

1. The stuff about using the authentication token only applies from Mx 10.9.0, so I think we should add this.
2. I don't understand why data will be lost if the authentication token is used. Surely, for an online app, the data will be committed to the database and so won't be lost. I think talking about "not maintaining data changes" is unclear and will worry the customer.

Is there somewhere on Slack I can see a discussion of this, or can we have a discussion there or in a call. Thanks.

Author: I understand the confusion. I was referring to uncommitted changes. I should have explained it more clearly. We can also have a call if that helps.

Reviewer: @EnasAbdelrazek - thanks for getting back to me. Would this be OK as a rewrite?
```suggestion
Online apps still utilize the [EnableKeepAlive](/refguide/tricky-custom-runtime-settings/#session-duration) setting to maintain uncommitted data which changes during the session. If that setting is disabled, in Mendix apps version 10.9.0 and above where `useAuthToken` is set to `true` the authentication token is used to keep users signed in but uncommitted changes are not maintained.
```

Author: Yeah it is much better now but we can add more details at the end. 

Online apps still utilize the [EnableKeepAlive](/refguide/tricky-custom-runtime-settings/#session-duration) setting to keep maintain uncommitted data which changes during the session. If that setting is disabled, in Mendix apps version 10.9.0 and above where `useAuthToken` is set to `true` the authentication token is used to keep users signed in but uncommitted changes are not maintained after SessionTimeout.

It should also be reviewed from one of our team.

> Online apps still utilize the [EnableKeepAlive](/refguide/tricky-custom-runtime-settings/#session-duration) setting to maintain uncommitted data which changes during the session. If that setting is disabled, in Mendix apps version 10.9.0 and above where `useAuthToken` is set to `true` the authentication token is used to keep users signed in but uncommitted changes are not maintained when a session is considered expired after [SessionTimeout](/refguide/custom-settings/#SessionTimeout)

Reviewer 2: I think its still a bit cryptic what "when a session is considered expired" means for those without in-dept knowledge of our platform. I think we could improve this by mention why a session can expire, that this normally means that a user gets logged out, and that we reload the application when that happens.

Author: What do you think about this change?

```suggestion
Online apps still utilize the [EnableKeepAlive](/refguide/tricky-custom-runtime-settings/#session-duration) setting to maintain uncommitted data which changes during the session. If that setting is disabled, in Mendix apps version 10.9.0 and above where `useAuthToken` is set to `true`, uncommitted changes will be lost if an action is performed after the session expires, which occurs after the [SessionTimeout](https://github.com/refguide/custom-settings/#SessionTimeout). In this case, the authentication token is used to reinitialize the session to keep user signed in, after which the application is reloaded.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, looks fine for me
